website/docs: Reorganize policy documentation (#21133)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/policies/types/event-matcher.md

---
title: Event Matcher Policy
tags:
    - policy
    - events
    - notifications
---

> Use an Event Matcher policy when you want to match authentik events by a small set of built-in fields instead of writing a custom expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an Event Matcher policy when you want to match authentik events against a small set of built-in fields instead of writing a custom expression.
```

This policy is most commonly used with [Notification Rules](../../../sys-mgmt/events/notifications.md).

## When to use it

> Use an Event Matcher policy when you want to react to events such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an Event Matcher policy when you want to match against events such as:
```
